I hold the message that's our rising hope!

Hey, welcome to a special rising
Can you please stay on standby?
Here we go!

I'm in too deep to keep my sanity as the world around comes to an end
I try my best to calm down my heart but with this overwhelming blow I fall short
Still I hold it back, the desperation that's swelling deep inside my soul
But if this path's another dead end then I swear to God that I'll go berserk

Pay attention!
Hey, what is it?
(Watch your step now!)
Just shut your mouth, I know your lie
(Are you serious?!)
No, no, no don't worry! One, Two, Three
Listen close to the rhythm of my heart

I blink away the haziness that's in my way
You gotta keep your faith in me
I swear I'll never let you down
Do you trust me?
Some may say that we're blind but I can hear that shot in the dark

No matter how I now find glory or defeat
Against a foe that I can't beat
I will still wake up to a brand new day (I believe rising hope)
There's not a spell or swell of magic left in me but still I won't surrender
I'll see our wish come true 'cause I can't forsake the oath I made with you
(I sing my heart)

If tears scream to break free
I'll crush that cry with the resolve now swelling in me
I hold the message that's our rising hope!

I will go ahead

Can I get non-stop ticket? I gotta get my heart away
Where is the solution?
Swallow all the doubt inside
And get up! (Come on!) Now hurry up!
So, if you mind that you find that you've thrown away your time in the end
Cut it out, never doubt or make excuses
Regret is dirt so brush it off and hold your head a little higher
Am I okay? I'm okay so let's both go for dead
Let your heart's soaring algorithm fly up ahead

My voice is hoarse as I yell
"I'd rather die than back down now"
I can't escape this feeling inside
It's like a fire raging, slowly raising, building up inside until I blow

Oh let's go!

Please hear me out, I need to get this off my chest
And tell you you're the reason why
I'm gonna keep believing in all you've shown me
Some may say it's a lie
But no, I'll never need proof, I don't even care if it's real

I've never known that kind of love
'Cause no one's shown me how to open up my heart
Without the fear it'd break and fall apart
The more I ask, the more I fear the truth will hold me back and I'll regret it
But with you that feeling's gone and for you I'll have the strength to soldier on

Now matter how I now find glory or defeat against a foe that I can't beat
I will still wake up to a brand new day (I believe rising hope)
There's not a spell or swell of magic left in me but still I won't surrender
I'll make our wish come true 'cause I'll never forsake what I have with you

(I sing my heart) The future's not far off
Just hold my hand a little tighter and you will see
I hold the message that's our rising hope
Forever I will hold this rising hope
Rising hope

I will go ahead!
Hey, welcome to a special rising

I hold the message that's our rising hope
Forever I will hold this rising hope